LEASE AGREEMENT
THIS LEASE AGREEMENT (“Agreement”) is made and entered into this 16th day of November, 2025, between PALMER FLOWER
ST. PROPERTIES d/b/a Lorenzo ("Owner,"), whose address and phone number are 325 W Adams Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90007, (213)
234-5700 and Manas Vardhan, Soorya Narayanan Venkat Ramanujam, Sahil Vijaykumar Patil, Vikas Mishra, Shubh
Mishra,([collectively], "Resident").
THE PARTIES AGREE AS FOLLOWS:
1. RENTAL UNIT: Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, Owner rents to Resident and Resident rents from
Owner, for residential use only, the premises located at: Lorenzo, 325 W. Adams Blvd Apt 6036, Los Angeles, CA 90007 (“the
Premises”), in the Lorenzo Community.
2. OCCUPANCY: Resident, represents, acknowledges, and agrees that the Premises will be used as Resident’s primary
residence. Only the below named individuals are authorized to reside in the Premises. Resident expressly agrees not to allow any other
individual to reside in the Premises without first notifying the Owner and obtaining the Owner’s written consent. Should Resident allow
additional unauthorized occupants to reside in the Premises without first notifying the Owner and obtaining Owner’s written consent, Owner
may terminate this Agreement and Resident's tenancy. Resident is responsible for the actions of all occupants, household members,
agents, servants, employees, invitees, guests, heirs, executors, and assigns (“Resident’s Related Parties”).
RESIDENT(S):
Manas Vardhan, Soorya Narayanan Venkat Ramanujam, Sahil Vijaykumar Patil, Vikas Mishra, Shubh Mishra
LIST OF ALL OCCUPANTS (Do not list any Residents from above):
3. PHYSICAL POSSESSION: If Owner, for any reason, is unable to deliver possession of the Premises at the commencement of
the term, Owner shall not be liable for any damage caused thereby, nor shall this Agreement be void or voidable, but Resident shall not be
liable for any rent until possession is delivered. In that event, there shall be a proportionate deduction of rent covering the period between
commencement of said term and the time when the Owner can deliver possession. Should the Premises not be available for Resident to
take possession at the commencement of the term specified herein, Owner reserves the right to substitute the Premises with an
equivalent size or larger size Premises ("Substituted Premises") at the same monthly rental rate specified herein. Resident agrees that
upon delivery of the Substituted Premises at the commencement of the term, Resident shall be bound to all covenants and conditions
contained herein.
4. TERM OF AGREEMENT: The initial term of this Agreement shall commence on July 31, 2025 and end on January 30, 2027. Either
party, Owner or Resident, may terminate this Agreement on or after expiration of the initial term by giving the other party written notice of its
intention to terminate the tenancy at least thirty (30) days prior to the expiration of the initial term. In the event Resident or Owner fails to
give such written notice and/or holds over in possession of the Premises after the initial term of this Agreement, the tenancy
will continue Month to Month subject to a rental increase, or other changes, as allowed under California law. Such tenancy shall
continue as a month-to- month tenancy until either Resident or Owner terminates the tenancy by giving the other thirty (30) days written
notice of its intention to terminate the tenancy unless otherwise agreed to by the parties, or as otherwise required by law. Resident
agrees to pay all rent up to and including the end of any notice period or until the Premises is re- occupied, whichever occurs first.
Resident shall be liable, unless otherwise prohibited by law, in addition to all other damages provided for under the Agreement, for the daily
rental based on a pro-ration of the monthly rental provided for in the Agreement for each day he remains in the Premises.
(Initials)
Document digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services. Document ID: 6245778
5. RENT: The total initial monthly base rent for the Premises shall be $3,299.00, which rent Resident hereby agrees to pay at the
address specified above or at such other place as Owner may from time to time designate. The first month's rent or prorated rent shall
be for the period beginning on July 31, 2025, and must be in the form of guaranteed funds. Resident hereby agrees to prorate its
rent in order that rental payments shall fall due on the first day of each month. Resident hereby agrees to pay said rent, in advance, on or
before the FIRST DAY OF EACH MONTH. Resident agrees that all rental payments shall be made by check, certified cashier's check,
Money Order, credit card or electronic payment only, and that NO CASH will be accepted for rental payments. ALL FORMS OF
PAYMENT MUST BE MADE PAYABLE TO PALMER FLOWER ST. PROPERTIES D/B/A Lorenzo AND MUST BE DELIVERED TO
THE OWNER BY INSERTING THE RENT PAYMENT INTO THE SECURED TWENTY- FOUR HOUR, SEVEN DAYS A WEEK RENT
PAYMENT "DROP BOX" located at 325 W Adams Blvd, Los Angeles, CA 90007 DURING NORMAL BUSINESS HOURS. Normal
business hours and hours of delivery of rental payments are all non-holiday Monday through Friday, 9am-12pm, 1pm-5pm. The
phone number for the above address is: (213) 234-5700. The name of the authorized agent available to discuss rental payments
is: Palmer Flower Street Properties d/b/a Lorenzo. In no case will personal checks be accepted after the third (3rd) day of the month
or in response to a notice to pay rent or quit or a notice to perform covenant or quit requiring payment.
If Resident pays by credit card or electronic payment then, Resident hereby agrees not to chargeback any rent payments made
by electronic payment to Owner, including but not limited to payments using ACH, credit card, and debit card. Resident agrees that failure
to abide by this Agreement may result, as additional rent, in applicable late fees charges as specified in Paragraph 6 of this Agreement.
Moreover, If Resident's rent payment made by electronic payment is charged-back at any time turning the tenancy, Resident may be required
to pay all future rent and other charges by money order or certified check. Owner may apply any payment made by Resident to any
obligation of Resident to Owner notwithstanding any dates or other direction from Resident that accompanies any such payment. Any
attempt by Resident to allocate a payment in any other way shall be null and void. All monies will be applied to past due amounts first,
then any outstanding rent amounts unless otherwise specified. Owner has provided Resident with the option of making payments to Owner
via certain electronic payment systems. If Resident submits an electronic payment to Owner, then Resident is solely responsible for
safeguarding their account information. Resident agrees to hold the provider of services harmless from any claims resulting from the
use of the electronic payment system, including but not limited to the improper use of account information by third parties. To the extent
allowed by law, Resident agrees, at Resident’s own expense, to indemnify, defend and hold Owner harmless and related parties, against
any claim, suit, action or other proceeding brought against Owner and related parties, by a third party, to the extent that such claim, suit,
action or other proceeding is based on or arises in connection with use of an electronic payment system.
(Initials)
6. CHARGES FOR LATE PAYMENTS & RETURNED CHECKS: If the Resident does not pay the full amount of the rent shown
in Paragraph 5 by the end of the third (3rd) day of the month, the Owner may collect a fee of $75.00. Furthermore, if the
Resident does not pay by the end of the fifth (5) day of the month, the Resident may only pay by cashier's check or Money Order.
The Owner may terminate this Agreement for failure to pay late charges, and may terminate this Agreement for non-payment of rent, as
explained in Paragraph 5. Owner may collect a fee of $25.00 on the first or any additional time a payment is not honored (insufficient
funds or for any other reason). The charges discussed in this paragraph are in addition to the regular monthly rent payable by
Resident. Owner and Resident agree that these charges are presumed to be damages sustained because of Resident’s late payment of
rent and not merely a penalty. Owner and Resident agree further that it would be impractical and/or extremely difficult to ascertain
the actual damages sustained by Owner as a result of Resident’s late payment of rent. The late fee is a reasonable estimate of the actual
damages that the parties reasonably believe would occur as a result of late payment. If Resident gives Owner two payments that are returned
for nonpayment during the term of this Agreement, then the future rent shall be payable by certified cashier's check or Money Order only.
This policy will be applicable throughout the balance of either the initial term or any renewal or extension thereof.
7. SECURITY DEPOSIT: Before the commencement of the term, Resident shall pay a security deposit of $3,299.00 (the "Security
Deposit") for the purposes set forth in Civil Code Section 1950.5. No trust relationship between Owner and Resident is created because of
the Security Deposit and Owner may commingle the Security Deposit with other funds of Owner. Owner will hold this security deposit for the
period Resident occupies the Premises. After Resident’s tenancy has terminated and Resident has returned possession of the Premises to
Owner, the amount of the refund, if any, will be determined in accordance with the following conditions and procedures: (a) After Resident
has moved from the Premises, Owner will inspect the Premises. (b) Owner will refund to Resident the amount of the Security Deposit less
any amount needed to pay the cost of: (1) Resident’s defaults in the performance of the Agreement, including but not limited to, unpaid rent,
charges for late payment of rent and returned checks as described in Paragraph 6, future defaults by the Resident in any obligation under
the Agreement to restore, replace, or return personal property or appurtenances, exclusive of ordinary wear and tear; (2) cleaning of the
Premises to return the Premises to the same level of cleanliness it was in at the inception of the tenancy; (3) Damages that are not due to
normal wear and tear and are not listed on the Move In/Move Out Inspection Report; (4) Charges for keys, cards, permits and restricted
access devices not returned, as described in Paragraph 13. (c) Owner agrees to provide an itemized accounting of the amount computed
with regard to the balance of the Security Deposit within twenty-one (21) days in the State of California, after Owner has recovered full
possession of the Premises, and Resident has returned the keys and possession of the Premises to Owner. (d) Owner shall pay any refund
to all Resident(s) identified in this Agreement. (e) Security Deposit shall not be applied to last month's rent or unpaid damages prior to
vacating the Premises.
(Initials)
Document digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services. Document ID: 6245778
8. UTILITIES: occupancy of Resident.
Resident shall pay for all utilities, services, and charges, if any, made payable by or predicated upon
9. ACCEPTANCE OF PREMISES: Resident has inspected the Premises, furnishings and equipment, and has found them to be
satisfactory. All plumbing, heating and electrical systems are operative and deemed satisfactory.
10. CONDITION AND CARE OF DWELLING UNIT: By signing the Move In/Move Out Inspection Report, Resident acknowledges
that the Premises is clean and in good condition with all appliances and equipment in good working order, except as noted.
Resident has also inspected the aforementioned Premises and certifies that he/she has not observed mold, mildew or moisture within
the Premises. Resident agrees to immediately notify Owner if he/she observes mold/mildew and/or moisture conditions (from any source,
including leaks), and allow Owner to evaluate and make recommendations and/or take appropriate corrective action. To the extent
allowed by law, Resident relieves Owner from any liability for any personal injury or damages to personal property caused by or
associated with moisture or the growth of or occurrence of mold or mildew on the Premises.
Resident agrees to leave the Premises in the same condition as it was received, subject to normal wear and tear. Resident
acknowledges that the damage caused by smoking is considered above normal wear and tear and will damage surfaces and fixtures,
including, the carpet, carpet pad, wallboard, window coverings and ceilings. Depending on the severity of the damage, costs for
restoration of the Premises may include, but are not limited to, cleaning, sealing, painting, deodorizing, and possible replacement of fixtures
and various surface materials. Except as prohibited by law, Resident shall keep the Premises and furniture, furnishings and appliances,
and fixtures, which are rented for Resident's exclusive use, in good order and condition. Upon move-out, Resident agrees to return the
Premises to the same level of cleanliness it was in at the inception of the tenancy. Resident is not responsible for the upkeep of the yard
and landscaping. Resident shall pay Owner for costs to repair, replace or rebuild any portion of the Premises damaged by the Resident’s
Related Parties. Resident's personal property is not insured by Owner. Resident is not a co-insured and is expressly excluded from any
insurance policy held by Owner which is now in effect or becomes effective during the term of this Agreement.
Resident agrees to: (a) keep the Premises clean; (b) use all appliances, fixtures, and equipment in a safe manner and only for the
purposes for which they are intended; (c) not litter the grounds or common areas of the Community; (d)not destroy, deface, damage or
remove any part of the Premises or Community; (e) give Owner prompt written notice of any defects in the plumbing, fixtures, appliances,
heating and cooling equipment or any other part of the Premises or related facilities or observation of mold or mildew conditions in any
portion of the Premises;
(f) remove garbage and other waste from the Premises in a clean and safe manner and properly dispose in refuse receptacle; (g) not
interfere with the safe and quiet enjoyment or comfort of the other residents and (h) not make any repairs to the Premises without Owner’s
prior written consent.
The Premises are equipped with one or more functioning smoke and carbon monoxide detection device(s) and Resident shall be
responsible for testing the device weekly and immediately reporting any problems, maintenance or need for repairs to Owner. Resident
shall not disable the detection device(s). Owner shall have the right to enter the Premises to check and maintain the detection devices as
provided by law.
(Initials)
11. REPAIRS AND ALTERATIONS: Resident shall make a written request to Owner regarding any repairs, decorations or alterations
contemplated. Except as provided by law, no repairs, decorating or alterations shall be done by Resident without Owner’s prior written
consent. This includes, but is not limited to, painting, wallpapering. Resident may not install security devices (such as security cameras or
video doorbells) that capture images and sounds outside the Premises without Owner’s/Agent’s permission (which may be granted or
withheld in our sole discretion). Resident may not make any alterations to cable or telephone inside wiring (such as may occur when
changing telecommunications providers or adding phone lines) without prior written consent of the Owner. The consent request regarding
proposed alterations to inside wiring shall include the name, address, and telephone number of any new telecommunications providers.
Resident shall hold Owner harmless and indemnify Owner as to any mechanic's lien recordation or proceeding caused by Resident.
Resident agrees to pay all costs resulting from the alteration and agrees to pay to Owner any costs associated with restoring the inside
wiring to the condition at the time of move-in, except for reasonable wear and tear. Resident agrees to refrain from any alteration including
but not limited to (a) change or remove any part of the appliances, fixtures or equipment in the Premises; (b) paint or install wallpaper or
contact paper in the Premises; (c) install washing machines, dishwashers, dryers, fans, heaters or air conditioners in the Premises
(without prior written approval).
12. DAMAGE AND DESTRUCTION: Resident hereby indemnifies Owner against and agrees to pay on demand for all reasonable costs
of repair or restorations as a result of any significant damage or destruction to the Premises or any part thereof resulting from the willful act of
Resident, and/or Resident’s Related Parties. In particular, but without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Resident indemnifies Owner
against any damage or destruction resulting from leaving windows or doors open during rains or storms, unnecessary flows of water from
pipes, faucets or other sources, failure to turn off gas or electrical appliances or lights when not in use and littering of the Premises or
adjoining common areas. In addition, and without limitation, Resident shall pay for any expenses, damage or repair occasioned by the
stopping or overflow of waste pipes, bath tubs, toilets, wash basins, disposals, washing machines, dishwashers, sinks or water filled furniture,
provided such stopping or overflow was caused by the act or omission of Resident and or any person on premises through or under Resident,
including, without limitation, Resident’s Related Parties. Resident further agrees to pay rent for the period the Premises is damaged whether
or not habitable, if such damage is caused as outlined herein. In the event of damage to the Premises by fire, water, or other hazard; or in the
Document digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services. Document ID: 6245778
event of malfunction of equipment or utilities, Resident shall immediately notify Owner. If the damages are such that occupancy can be
continued Owner shall make repairs as needed with reasonable promptness and rent shall not abate during the period of such repairs.
If, in Owner's opinion, the Premises are so damaged as to be unfit for occupancy, and Owner elects to make such repairs, the rent provided in
this Agreement shall abate during the period of time when the Premises are not fit for occupancy, but in all other respects the terms and
provisions hereof shall continue in full force and effect. In the event that the Premises, residential facilities (i.e., common areas, elevators, etc.)
and/or the garage serving the Premises is so damaged or destroyed as to be, in the sole opinion of Owner, incapable of being satisfactorily
repaired within sixty (60) days after such damage or destruction, then Owner shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by notice
delivered to Resident and Resident shall be liable only for rental payments up to the date of such damage or destruction or, if later the date
Resident vacates the premises; or, in the case of damage or destruction to the Premises only, Resident agrees to accept a comparable unit (if
available) in the Community for the remaining term of this Agreement.
13. MOVE-OUT PROCEDURES: When Resident moves out of the Premises, an inspection of the condition of same shall be made after
all of the personal effects of Resident have been removed. After inspection by Owner, appropriate charges will be assessed by Owner
for any missing items; damages or repairs to the Premises, or its contents (normal wear and tear excepted); insufficient light bulbs; scratches,
burns, or holes in the walls, doors, floors, draperies, carpets and/or furniture; and for cleaning the Premises (including all kitchen appliances).
Resident shall be charged for each unreturned key (including mail-box key and garage remote),and charged for replacing locks if all door
keys to the Premises are not returned to Owner.
14. EARLY TERMINATION OPTION: Resident is expected to remain in possession of the Premises for the entire term specified in this
Agreement. In the event Resident desires to terminate the Agreement before the expiration of the term, Resident will be responsible
for all damages provided by law, including (but not limited to) rent due through the end of the term, minus rents paid by a replacement
tenant (if any). This amount will vary depending on how long it takes Owner to find a replacement tenant. Therefore, this amount
cannot be determined in advance and it is difficult to estimate. To avoid this uncertainty, Resident may, at Resident’s option, choose to
exercise an early termination option. Resident may choose to pay a flat fee in advance to terminate the Agreement early, rather than
remaining liable for rent due through the end of the term. To exercise this option, Resident must deliver to Owner: (1) a written 30-
day notice stating that Resident has elected to exercise this option; (2) an early termination option fee of ; and (3) rent and other
amounts due through the accelerated termination date, including full repayment of any rent concession amounts. Owner shall retain all
remedies for non-compliance with the Agreement and Security Deposit Agreement, and Resident shall be liable for any damages for non-
compliance. Total amount of the concession for the term of this Agreement is $0.00.
When Owner has received the written notice and payment, and has signed the notice, the Agreement termination date will be amended. The
new termination date will be the date specified in the notice which must be at least thirty days after the written election and payment are given
to Owner. Exercise of the early termination option will affect only Resident’s rent obligations after the accelerated termination date; Resident
must comply with all other Agreement obligations. The notice will not accelerate the termination date if: (1) Resident is in default under the
Agreement at the time that Resident gives notice of Resident’s exercise of this option; (2) Resident provides the notice unaccompanied by
the fee above; or (3) Resident does not properly exercise the early termination option by following the procedure specified above, but vacates
the Premises before the termination date specified in the Agreement.
SUBLETTING AND ASSIGNMENT; GENERAL RESTRICTIONS: Resident agrees and covenants not to assign this Agreement or
sublet the Premises or any portion of the Premises. This obligation of Resident is intended as a strict and absolute prohibition
against subletting and assignment and may not be waived by either party. The parties agree that violation of this covenant and
obligation shall be just cause for eviction.
Resident agrees not to, (a) use the Premises for unlawful activities; (b) engage in or permit unlawful activities in the Premises, in the
common areas or on the Community grounds; (c) make or permit noises or acts that will disturb the rights or comfort of neighbors and the
Community; (d) violate any city ordinance, state or federal laws in or about said Premises; (e) use any utility in a wasteful or unreasonable
or hazardous manner. Resident and Resident’s Parties shall not engage in criminal activity, including drug-related criminal activity, on or
near the Premises or Community. "Drug-related criminal activity" means illegal manufacture, sale, distribution, use or possession with intent
to manufacture, sell, distribute, or use of a controlled substance (as defined in Section 102 of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C.
802)). Resident and Resident’s Parties shall not engage in any act of violence or threats of violence, including, but not limited to, the
unlawful discharge of firearms, on or near the Premises or Community. Owner’s burden of proving a violation is only a preponderance of
the evidence and does not require a criminal conviction. Resident agrees to keep the volume of any radio, stereo, television or musical
instrument at such a level which will not disturb the neighbors; and (f) waterbeds and 30+ gallon water tanks are permitted only if Resident
first obtains insurance protecting Owner in an amount not less than $100,000.00, and an increase in Resident’s security deposit equal to
one-half month's rent. Resident must install, maintain and dismantle the bed in accordance with industry standards. VIOLATION OF
THESE PROVISIONS SHALL BE A MATERIAL AND IRREPARABLE VIOLATION OF THE AGREEMENT AND GOOD CAUSE FOR
IMMEDIATE TERMINATION OF TENANCY.
15. DEFAULT BY RESIDENT: Resident’s performance of each of Resident’s obligations under this Agreement is a condition as well
as a covenant. Resident’s right to continue in possession of the Premises is conditioned upon such performance. Time is of the essence in
the performance of all covenants and conditions.
16. BREACH OF AGREEMENT: In the event that Resident breaches this Agreement, Owner shall be allowed at Owner’s discretion, but
not by way of limitation, to exercise any or all remedies provided Owner/Agent by California Civil Code Section 1951.2. Damages Owner
Document digitally signed using RENTCafe eSignature services. Document ID: 6245778
"may recover" include the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which the unpaid rent for the balance of the term after the time
of award, or for any shorter period of time specified in the Agreement, exceeds the amount of such rental loss for the same period that
Resident proves could be reasonably avoided.
17. REMEDIES: On the occurrence of any such material default or breach by Resident, Owner may, at any time thereafter, with or without
notice or demand and without limiting Owner in the exercise of any right or remedy which Owner may have: (a) Terminate Resident's right
to possession of the premises by any lawful means, in which case this Agreement shall terminate and Resident shall immediately
surrender possession of the premises to Owner and Owner shall be entitled to recover from Resident all damages incurred by Owner by
reason of Resident's default, including (i) the worth at the time of the award of all rent, and other charges which were earned or were
payable at the time of the termination; (ii) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which the unpaid rent, and other charges
which would have been earned or were payable after termination until the time of the award exceeds the amount of such rental loss that
Resident proves could have been reasonably avoided, (iii) the worth at the time of the award of the amount by which the unpaid rent, and
other charges which would have been payable for the balance of the term after the time of award exceeds the amount of such
rental loss that Resident proves could have been reasonably avoided, and (iv) any other amount necessary to compensate
Owner for all the detriment proximately caused by Resident's failure to perform its obligations under the Agreement or which in the ordinary
course of things would be likely to result therefrom, including, but not limited to, any costs or expenses incurred by Owner in maintaining or
preserving the premises after such default, the cost of recovering possession of the premises, expenses of relating, including Owner's
reasonable attorneys' fees incurred in connection therewith. As used in subparts (i) and (ii) above, the "worth at the time of the award"
is computed by allowing interest on unpaid amounts at the rate of the greater of ten percent (10%) per annum or five percent (5%) above
the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco on the twenty-fifth (25th) day of the month prior to the breach, but, in no
event shall the interest rate exceed the maximum amount allowed by law. As used in subpart (iii) above, the "worth at the time of the
award" is computed by discounting such amount at the discount rate of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco at the time of the
award, plus one percent (1%).
(Initials)
